first up in my kitchen this morning is a
woman who knows better than most the
challenges of cooking for a demanding
family not only issue mother of four but
she's married to one of the world's best
chefs so no pressure daily this is a dog
look at this event this is the last
enough about Donna Ramsey now it's great
to have you on the show thank you and
we're looking forward to this so tell us
what you doing I'm doing a really nice
comforting simple chicken and butter
bean casserole right really right for
the kids or smells but thank you
it's like an adult dish as well
everybody can dive in family family for
you but nursery food is the best none of
this fancy stuff none of this fancy
stuff alright I have really simple
ingredients yep red onion red pepper
baby leeks carrot nice big filled
mushrooms butter beans a bit of soy
sauce tomatoes stock so all handy stuff
you got Itoh breasts as well specialist
into the tomatoes will be you chopping I
knew I'd have to do something chop
something now okay really nicely finely
chopped and so I'm telling you what to
do now on time okay good yeah and I'm
just gonna sweat that off in the pan
little bit of olive oil and butter
lovely so what is your side to fashion
all this is well I'm a domestic cook
takes me ages to do that is it oh there
you go so chop this nice and fine yeah
absolutely
okay so tell us a little about you I'm
fascinated this when you were brought up
was it Kent you brought up I was brought
up in Kent yep farming background was a
farming background at one stage
everything on the table came from our
farm my mom was amazing like that she
puts me to absolute shame I think the
least I can do is give the kids good
home cooking so how did you feel when
God decided to put a lot of turkeys in
your back garden and then pigs it was an
interesting experiment okay mom is going
to be repeated on up and I don't know
he's negotiating at the moment it's
negotiating it okay so this is the great
thing about this recipe I think is you
can just you know on the end of the week
when you've got all those bits and
pieces you don't have to use exactly
these ingredients you can sort of you
know use up whatever your leftovers are
all right which i think is what home
cooking is really all about certainly is
these precise and most of the recipes in
the book you know you can you can
substitute different things you don't
have to get halfway through and think oh
I can't do the rest of it I haven't got
that ingredient in life
mention the boat you've got a new book
out is that what the books about sort of
it's about real home cooking real
absolutely so they can go straight off
you've done all that beautiful chopping
are you know the normal way there but I
just wanted to test yours chopped off
thanks very much yeah but you could do
the leeks so what do I do with these
ones it's - I'm away and thanks I come
with the chop stuff you don't need it
right okay a little birdie tells me
Maxie Stewart was on last week tells me
that Gordon and yourself yeah one
o'clock this morning you are practicing
making omelets I don't think you can
ever sort of do too much practice 50
eggs this very good of it I'm up against
chefs I think it's quite brave of me to
be cooking on here when I'm a domestic
cook so I think you know I think don't
worry I attorneys gas off it'll be fun
right so tell me what's going on there
you've got the onions you sweated them
off in it Yanik a little bit of olive
oil I'm just adding on one a here
yeah I'm just sweating them off here now
I'm not going to wash the mushrooms
because they're like a sponge they just
absorb all the water so I'm just peeling
them and you know if they're really
dirty just give them a a quick wipe a
lot of people you know really don't
understand you don't wash mushrooms or
all these particular things on well
mushrooms these ones they really do act
like a sponge but everything you know
you literally just chuck everything in
and it's slow cooks you've got the stock
there the chicken goes in law and slow
cooks it means it's so tender really is
it's one of my favorites because I can
literally just chuck it all in get on
with homework or whatever the kids need
to I mean that tea time is the most
demanding time of the day and the key
really is to make my life easier on the
cooking front but yet still have this
sort of nice feeling that it is home
cooked food